diameter about a friend friends with you twins code
and today i want to show how to do the same
for minecraft and
let's start with an ordinary stick
how does it work and say a few words so
you'll see we come to the mobs we have them
killed by one right click
and what else did I want to say a few words about this
of this cue can make a system
fast dumakov fast-fire
I think everyone remembers as before the loaf
minecraft
older versions so let's show more
again, but here's the exit besides katomov pressure
right mouse button and you will see that he
dying day look these particles it all
make it very easy so let's kill
they are still in general a system
difficult and incomprehensible in general let's
I will show how it works for archers
fast generator russia to him
getting used 2 teams from the block let's
we analyze in the first part and here in general
that is, work in cleaning it podbort
will be in the description for a start you need
will be his while guests together in chat and
farther like u how everything works when we
click on the right mouse button us
given that is to this clip
one point is added and then she
strange 0 and from sitting on the roller scheme
can be equated to zero
farther into the ground, that's not the thread
a snowball to teleport some
Ports oooh yes not replenished here
this site is pervert which kill and here
these particles, that is, but this command
particles of course the team would be in describing a and
here is the team itself that mate
we did not burn this team she
kills all all around mobs radius
15 except players and
next team who soldered particles
fire here these little pieces of fire
it's just how are you doing so that it doesn't
important and it already said that it is quite
aces we particles here only to the very
the snowball is that is this command
is in this command blocks so this
I will say the song again in detail
This scheme can be done fast-fire.
look on my cat mastered how not to hunt
I just have no time to do and I
did that simpler in general i think
it is still and yet it can be called a theme
right click to down the scheme
so we for it say goodbye to you
will be the code and in general all bye
subscribe put huskies and again
bye everyone